In this module we sent a lot of HDP requests and we worked a lot with observable as I hope does all
the shows.
The power of observable and how they help us orchestrate steps and ensure that they run the right order.
And with that we're now able to send requests related to places to add in place as fetching places editing
places but all of course related to our bookings.
You all learned how to show spinners and used a different lifecycle hooks correctly.
How to handle errors like in a scenario where we try to edit or view something where we have no data
on and with all that you got a tool box of features that should help you build the app.
You're trying to get out into the stores because chances are high that this Apple all the required age
TTP and here we learned a lot about that.